# Docking results
`docking_results_8targs_chemlml_smi.csv` contains all docked molecules including ChemLML-generated, baseline model-generated, and background molecules as indicated by the `compound_set` column.
Molecules that failed one of the processing stages of the docking protocol are included but do not have docking scores.
The `target` identifiers refer to the following proteins:
```
Target    Sim     UniProt PDB
HSP90AA1  High0   P07900  1OSF
ACE1      High1   P12821  1UZE
Mpro      High2   P0C6X7  1UK4
MAPKK1    High3   Q02750  3EQH
IMPDH     Med0    P50097  1ME7
LSD1      Med1    O60341  6NQU
AChE      Low0    P22303  4EY5
TOPIIB    Low1    Q02880  4G0U
```
Seven of the FDA-approved drugs, such as Diastase, do not have SMILES in the original Selleck dataset.

`docking_results_8targs_chemlml_smi.pkl` contains this information as a Python pickle file.

The `individual_results` subdirectory contains images of the docking score distributions from individual docking programs and a Python script to generate them.

## Compound images
The `compound_images` subdirectory visualizes generated molecules to enable inspection of which generated molecules were valid and invalid.

For each generative model-target pair, we made gridmol images showing the line structures for all of the generated SMILES.
Our intent was to generate 100 RDKit-valid SMILES for each model, but in some cases the models did not generate the full 100 valid SMILES.

All RDKit-valid SMILES are drawn in descending order (left-to-right, top-to-bottom) with respect to consensus docking score (ECR_score) on each target.
All RDKit-valid molecules that failed to produce 3D conformers for docking by Omega2 3D conformer generation (typically for missing FF params or issues in generated macrocycles) are listed in the bottom of the order and labeled with `F A I L` instead of a consensus docking score.

Included in this directory is `all_original_gen_smi.csv` that includes all of the original raw SMILES files generated by each model.
The two molecule IDs are only used for internal mapping only.

The targets in the image filenames and the `.csv` file use the same mapping table above.
